#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile
#
boto3==1.17.51
    # via wildebeest
botocore==1.20.51
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
certifi==2020.12.5
    # via requests
chardet==4.0.0
    # via requests
click==7.1.2
    # via sacremoses
cycler==0.10.0
    # via matplotlib
fastprogress==1.0.0
    # via octopod (setup.py)
filelock==3.0.12
    # via transformers
idna==2.10
    # via requests
jmespath==0.10.0
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
joblib==1.0.1
    # via
    #   octopod (setup.py)
    #   sacremoses
    #   scikit-learn
    #   wildebeest
kiwisolver==1.3.1
    # via matplotlib
matplotlib==3.4.1
    # via octopod (setup.py)
numpy==1.20.2
    # via
    #   fastprogress
    #   matplotlib
    #   octopod (setup.py)
    #   opencv-contrib-python
    #   pandas
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   torch
    #   torchvision
    #   transformers
opencv-contrib-python==4.5.1.48
    # via wildebeest
packaging==20.9
    # via transformers
pandas==1.2.4
    # via wildebeest
pillow==8.2.0
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   octopod (setup.py)
    #   torchvision
    #   wildebeest
pyparsing==2.4.7
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   packaging
python-dateutil==2.8.1
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
pytz==2021.1
    # via pandas
regex==2021.4.4
    # via
    #   sacremoses
    #   transformers
requests==2.25.1
    # via
    #   transformers
    #   wildebeest
retrying==1.3.3
    # via wildebeest
s3transfer==0.3.7
    # via boto3
sacremoses==0.0.44
    # via transformers
scikit-learn==0.24.1
    # via
    #   octopod (setup.py)
    #   wildebeest
scipy==1.6.2
    # via scikit-learn
sentencepiece==0.1.95
    # via
    #   octopod (setup.py)
    #   transformers
six==1.15.0
    # via
    #   cycler
    #   python-dateutil
    #   retrying
    #   sacremoses
    #   torchvision
threadpoolctl==2.1.0
    # via scikit-learn
tokenizers==0.7.0
    # via transformers
torch==1.8.1
    # via
    #   octopod (setup.py)
    #   torchvision
torchvision==0.2.1
    # via octopod (setup.py)
tqdm==4.60.0
    # via
    #   sacremoses
    #   transformers
    #   wildebeest
transformers==2.11.0
    # via octopod (setup.py)
typing-extensions==3.7.4.3
    # via torch
urllib3==1.26.4
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   requests
wildebeest==5.0.0
    # via octopod (setup.py)
